well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so we're going to talk about the supreme
court what happened
tell you what happened absolutely no
surprises
if you go back a couple of days you'll
find a video i said they're not going to
hear it and even if it clears that
hurdle they won't get the relief that
they're seeking
and that's what the supreme court judges
said
why i don't have a crystal ball i talked
to three constitutional scholars they
all said the same thing there was a
consensus among experts
that's what you have that's the real
battle here people are trying to frame
it in different ways and we're going to
talk about that in a second
but when you really boil it down
you have constitutional lawyers
constitutional professors
constitutional scholars of every sort
all of these judges
and the supreme court all saying one
thing
then on the other side you have a bunch
of talking heads
media pundits and politicians
who are so deep into supporting trump
they feel their political futures at
stake those are the sides
realistically those are the signs
experts versus trump it is something
that has happened his entire
administration
because he feels he knows better than
everybody
how has it worked out in the past
how much damage has been done because
people deferred
to him rather than those who have
subject matter expertise
now once this decision was made you had
a bunch of emotional reactions and you
had people saying some pretty drastic
stuff
attempting to frame it as if they were
defending the constitution
i would point out that under the
constitution
the very people being blamed the supreme
court
get to determine the constitutionality
of something
it's a court that is currently it was
hand-picked
by the trump administration
even with those hand-picked appointees
that they couldn't get this through
because it's not even close to
constitutional
because it isn't within the constitution
and the body of people who gets to
determine constitutionality has said
that
if you are willing to rip the country
apart because you do not agree with the
supreme court decision
you don't support the constitution
because the constitution says the
supreme court
gets to decide the constitutionality of
something
saying to judge it on its merits
what if it really doesn't have any what
if that's the reason it couldn't win
in courts below
there are a whole lot of people who have
been had
by this president he's good
at branding he's good at rallying people
he's not good at leadership and he
doesn't understand this country he never
did
he understands creating emotional
reactions that's why there are so many
people at this moment
who say they're defending the
constitution while they are actively
attempting to undermine it
if you are still in support of this man
you need to take a step back
and you need to look at all the times
the expert said one thing and he said
something else
and who was really right and you also
need to take a look at your beliefs
from 2015 or 2014 or before this man got
his hooks into you
and see if they line up with today or
see
if you have betrayed them
because dear leader said to
that's where we're at
there's going to be a lot of people who
have to do some soul searching
and have to determine where they stand
on issues
do you support the constitution which in
this case
means siding with the supreme court
or do you support president trump
for many there are two things that they
feel that they have to support
and they're coming to a head they're
going to impact each other
you have to decide which side you're
going to be on
those media pundits who are still out
there saying oh
constitutionality they don't know
anything about the constitution
and you notice they're not bringing
constitutional scholars onto their shows
not real ones
wonder why
they probably know they're wrong but at
this point they are in too deep
they don't want to admit that they were
wrong they don't want to admit that they
got tricked
because they have spent their entire
lives manipulating
those people who watch their shows
and they don't want to admit it and then
you have all of these politicians who
signed on to this
and you have to wonder where they stand
now because they are actively seeking to
undermine the constitution of the united
states
i think that the next couple of months
are going to be pretty rough for some
people
because there's going to be a lot of
internal turmoil
and you're going to have to decide where
you stand
are you going to be part of that group
that moves the country forward
or are you going to be part of the group
that tries to hold it back
any time you're looking to the past
you're not really living up to the way
america has been
we've tried to look forward that's the
promise that's the dream have we always
succeeded no but that was the goal right
to move forward if everything
that you have started to support is
looking to the past
you've given up on moving the country
forward you've given up on
having this country succeed if you were
trying to
make america great again looking back
you've given up on the future of your
kids
the future of this country
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day